# Thursday

## At the bottom of the *Basic Text Classification* exercise you prepared for today's class is a second similarly structured exercise.  With two of your classmates, complete the *multi-class classification on Stack Overflow questions* exercise.
- Provide plots that describe the training and validation loss and accuracy.  Interpret the plots.  How is this model performing?
- Export the model and print the accuracy produced using the test data.  Does the test data accuracy serve to validate your model?
- Produce three examples that are relevant to the multi-class classification model and predicting the language relevant to the stack overflow question.  Produce the array generated by each of your three examples.  Were these predictions accurate?
- Compare your multi-class model with your binary class model that predicted sentiment as either positive or negative in response to various movie reviews.  What is the most significant difference between the two different types of models?  Compare the two models and estimate which demonstrated better performance?  Substantiate your response.

## Using the example script given in class, go to zillow and select several homes to train a model that predicts home price.  
- Refer to the [What is ML by Laurence Maroney](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Z9TRANg4c0) video for reference (begins at about minute 8 and the housing price exercise is presented at the end of the video).  You are also welcome to refer to the beginning part of the second video in this series [First steps in computer vision](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j-35y1M9rRU), where the answer to the example script is presented.
- Using this model, select five additional homes and predict their price.  Which of the five present a good deal? Which one is the worst deal? Justify your answer.




